# Anassa Bloomin
#Leader #TinyHut #Gnome #Druid 
Lilly Bloomin (Anassa Bloomin) is the current leader of [[Tiny Hut]] . Lilly is the first and only leader of Tiny Hut. She claimed the title after having been an excellent guide through the forest of Bamguard among the group of mages that first formed Tiny Hut, although her power truly came with time and wasn't given instantaneously.

## MENTAL CHARACTERISTICS

## Personal history

Lilly grew up in a secluded gnomish circle in the forest of Bamguard known as the "[[Bameni of Forests]]," a druid and mage circle that devoted their lives to learning the secrets of the [[Bamguard Forest]] and worshipping what the land had to offer. Lilly grew up normally with her close-knit family which consists of her mother and father, [[Reray Bloomin]] and [[Heneni Bloomin]] and two older brothers, [[Mumunu Bloomin]] and [[Ery Bloomin]]. The Bloomin Family was made up of fighters and had been for the decades since the Bameni of Forests had been established. Lilly being very close with her brothers, picked up on a lot of their fighting tactics and joined them when they went out on hunts to control the population of nearby monsters. Quickly Lilly would pick up skills in tracking and finding their way back home, a skill that her brother's were lacking. Lilly wasn't an expert but it was always enough to get her family home. As the years went on, Lilly began to build upon this skill and blending in her family's druidic practices to her work. The family wanted to continue being the druids that protected the Bameni people but Lilly didn't want to pursue becoming a druid and rather wanted to become a ranger. Her family didn't like this and demanded that she joined them in becoming one of them but she refused. After some time and growing distant with her family, her family demanded that she be exiled from the circle for not staying true with the practices of the circle. The call for her to be exiled went through. Lilly, now age 16, as well as a few close friends in the circle, set out to the nearby village of [[Nessel]], where they stayed for some time to make some quick money and establish a name for themselves. After becoming respected figures in the town they came across a group of halfling mages that wanted to learn more about the Bamguard forest and wanted to make a quick stop at Nessel to gather supplies and rest. After joining up with the group, they all set off to go back to Bamguard forest and began their research. After some time they wanted to give their group a name. After long deliberation, they named themselves the [[Tiny Huntsmen]], naming their camp sites to Tiny Hut after a spell one of their wizard's frequently used. 

### The Establishing of Tiny Hut

 In 1146 ADP, the Tiny Huntsmen ventured to [[Uniton Republa|Uniton]] to send their research in for evaluation at the [[Uniton Academy of Wizardry]] (UAW). After great praise over their findings by the UAW officials, the Tiny Huntsmen were made an offer to continue their research with some investments from the UAW. Of course the Tiny Huntsmen accepted the offer. Lilly having been the most well versed in the land of Bamguard Forest, she took the lead in helming this new discovery effort they were making. In 1146 ADP, [[Tiny Hut]] was established as the location where they'd be doing their research, despite their wizard having learned a bigger and better spell to house them than the Tiny Hut.