5'6
hunter/gatherer in [[Hogsback]]

no longer part of [[the cult]], close to by [[Destiny]], doesn't know if she's been infected by a [[lotus eater]]

## Family
[[Michael]] - father
[[Gabriela]] - mom
[[Raphael]] - son
[[Angel]] - daughter

## Backstory
Angel’s life has been a complex one since the start of the apocalypse, but I’m sure that doesn’t come as a surprise. The world went dark when she was only five years old. The details of her childhood have always come up hazy despite her good memory. One of the few details she held onto was the pain that came with hours of walking through deserted towns. Four years the family did this, in search of a settlement that didn't look to exploit them. She remembers her first time seeing the mountains. They amazed her, something beautiful in this new torturous world she lived in. But she’d soon grow to hate these mountains as it became the source of all of her problems.

On the very first night there her father disappeared. It wouldn’t be too long before he came back claiming he’d found a settlement that was willing to take them in. His story was convincing too but it was quickly revealed to be a lie. [[Destiny]] came out that night to take us all. A large creature, promising a healthy and glorious life. The creature had terrible bodily proportions and a terrifying grin. He dragged them all long into the night to god knows where. It kept repeating its name again and again in their minds to make sure they didn’t forget who was responsible for their new lives, Destiny. 

The process of subjection to Destiny is a memory that can’t be remembered by Angel, but the signs of brainwashing and breaking one’s psyche over and over to control over them are all there. However, Angel remembers the details of her training. Skills training on Monday, strength building on Tuesday, research on Wednesday, will testing on Thursday, testing on Friday, with the weekends as a “vacation.” It was all conditioning and practice for what they’d become once they “graduated” from this place, this place being a cave where the buildings were made of rusty sheet metal, rotted wood, and whatever other scraps could be found. Their “sun” was an orb of fire and light that snuffed out when Destiny felt like it. Sometimes the light was removed to make invisible the punishment to those who managed to fall out of line, sometimes to test their reflexes and how they react to the dark. 

Angel lived with her family still, which consisted of her father, mother, and older brother. Though attachment to them was forced out by Destiny through conditioning, so everyone felt more like roommates than family. They lived on the top floor of a dingy apartment construction. She can’t remember their real names but does remember their assigned names, her father [[Michael]], mother [[Gabriela]], and brother [[Raphael]].

Friday testing consisted of a series of games that required them to outwit each other to accomplish secret tasks, whether it was to steal items from each team, kidnap a member, or plant fake explosives, the goal was to test all of our skills against each other. This included the use of spells and weapons, though blades were dulled, bullets were blanks, and magic… well it was hard to hold back.

Angel never performed well on the tests. Constantly she deviated from her task to either assist others in their tasks or to complete a task she assigned herself. Destiny was a careful observer of Angel, even though he didn’t like what she did in testing, he took a special interest in her. She’d be pulled away often to talk with Destiny. The discussion was always about what she was thinking which despite Destiny’s intellect, was outsmarted by Angel stating she’d been trying to impress Destiny and that she had a dream to make Destiny think she could dismantle the cult that Destiny built up. Angel didn’t believe this and Destiny knew, but she did genuinely want to impress him and he knew. Destiny knew this was an impossible task but always entertained Angel.

Weekend vacations was all about letting the people relax and socialize, though it was the time Destiny took to observe everyone, to find deviants, and to assign us our roles when he felt we were ready. Angel couldn’t figure out what made Destiny come to his conclusions, but Angel did figure out one thing.

Destiny’s control over Angel began slipping one week, perhaps it was a test of Angel’s skill, or Destiny was giving up on Angel, leading to a series of failures in her training that made Angel, during a testing day, want to make up for it and really impress Destiny. Angel got a task to uncover an enemy team’s plan before they attacked but she took it to a new level, which was to uncover Destiny’s plan. She snuck into a number of places in the settlement. She checked out the intensive conditioning building which contained people who deviated and found papers on everyone’s current conditions and graduation tasks. She had planned to talk to the folks there but it all made sense to her after reading a number of tasks. “Go to the [[Citadel]] and blow up the food shipments… Disrupt Citadel politics… weaken the security of [[Hogsback]]…” It shattered her view of Destiny as she realized what Destiny was trying to do. She went back to testing to pretend like nothing happened to realize Destiny was looking for her. 

He asked what she had been up to and she stated she was looking to dismantle next week’s test by looking for the list of secret tasks and Destiny was humored claiming that wasn’t how it worked at all, but her claim didn’t deviate from her secret task. She talked with Destiny about life outside of the settlement however and Destiny made the mistake of claiming civilization was worthless as like in the tests, that people are filled with evil and looking to take each other down as everyone has their secret tasks and wants in life and that humanity is at its purest state when everyone is alone. Destiny was proud that Angel understood and shared his beliefs, so he let her in on what he felt Angel’s assignment was going to be so long as she didn’t ask why, which she agreed to. Angel’s task was going to be to bomb speeches in the [[Citadel]] until she was caught and likely killed.

The talk filled in the gaps for Angel and she decided to run away that night. Despite her best efforts she was still caught sneaking out and a horde of monsters and cultists followed her out. She ran until in her panicked sprint she slipped and fell off a cliff, tumbling down until she was knocked out falling down.

She would wake up in an infirmary in Hogback, after being rescued by a team that was out that night, claiming she fell from the sky. They asked for her name and she had totally forgotten, even with her memory, but quickly she answered with the first name she associated with falling out of the sky, Angel.

People took notice quickly and the story spread of the girl who fell out of the sky. Angel’s life in hogsback would take some time to get used to. This was her first real settlement and interaction with real people in 11 years. People knew that about her and one man offered a hand to Angel to help adjust her, [[Iven Farkus]] an older man with a degree in psychology. Angel for some time suspected that he was on to her but through careful conversation knew he was genuine and wanted to help. Now at least weekly she talks with him and the small group of similar Samaritans that talk through the struggles with Angel. Therapy sessions that have helped her adjust but she clearly has a long way to go. Angel still however refuses to talk about her experiences directly.

She works now as a gatherer, given her skillset, though some parties feel strangely about her sneaking off without communicating. While at [[Hogsback]], she spends a significant portion of time hanging around people, though even there people are put off by her mannerisms but enjoy her enough to keep her around. Outside of that Angel keeps herself locked in her room, not responding to anyone until she feels she’s ready to get going.