Human: mark of handling, Circle of stars Druid, urchin

[[Hundora]], a city too big for the good of it's people. With such a focus on the growth of it's economy, those who couldn't keep up were left behind. This was the reality of the urchins of Hundora. 

[[Frieden]] was among them. His birth, parents, and the power he was born with all remain a mystery to him, but it's never been a concern. Frieden learned from the family of street kids before him how to survive on those alleyways, diving into water ducts and hopping between rooftops. Frieden knew the ins and outs of that city. They called themselves the Mischief Kids. 

As the years passed however, A program designed to take the kids off the streets, took the older street kids who took care of the Mischief Kids and gave them work or an opportunity to leave for a better life elsewhere. Though they were family, everyone understood the opportunity and encouraged them to take it. However, there wasn't room for everyone. Many of the kids around Frieden's age and younger never found that work and remained on the streets, whether it was because they had grudges held against them by shop owners they stole from or folks only took the kids in they thought were "clean enough."

This broke the Mischief Kids, causing all left behind to scramble for themselves. Frieden escaped to the nearby woods, building a serviceable camp for himself and a few others. They called it Rest Haven. It would take some time but it proved to be a great place to escape the hustle city life. Out there, things weren't as tough. Survival almost seemed simpler, easier. They begun to really appreciate the world they had around them, the ground at their feet, the life they had ahead. Whereas the other group members began to grow and find themselves, Frieden turned to the stars.

It was the stars that kept him company through the worst nights, providing navigation when he was lost, something to look up to. The stories woven into constellations inspired him, so did this new family and home. He felt the urge to give more than he had gotten, to bring safety and rest to those who could not find it for themselves, and the people of Rest Haven felt that too. That's when the core of [[Rest Haven]] was born. [[Maven]] the Moon Guardian, [[Reddan]] the Dreamer, [[Era]] the Night Stalker, and [[Frieden]] the North Star.

No decision went through that didn't go through all of the four. Maven serves as the people's protector, acting as the camp's guardian when woodland beasts or thieves came by. Reddan made sure the camp and its denizens got every need situated, that it lives to its name as a haven, a place of rest. Era was primarily a hunter, and rode into town to steal what was necessary. And Frieden, spread the word of their haven for lost urchins, making sure it was known to all that those who get left behind still have a place in this world. 

One day a blight threatened the forest Rest Haven resided in. Quickly Rest Haven fought back but had to get to the heart of the blight. Maven was too strained by the defense he needed to hold, Reddan was too busy tending to wounded and unrest of the denizens, and Era was caught venturing too close to the heart. Frieden went to Hundora and pitched up a quest to the adventuring guild. Luckily a group responded. 

We know how that adventure went. The uncanny group broke through the worst of the blight, eliminated the heart, and saved Era. Rest Haven made a promise to the adventurers that there would always be a place for them to stay and that they should join for the celebrations. The core would have a talk with Frieden and the adventurers as the celebrations went on and they would all reach the conclusion that it would be best for Frieden to go beyond Hundora and spread the word of Rest Haven to even more souls. The adventurers accepted him, and Frieden would leave the next day with a promise to everyone that he would show the world his best, to be the guiding star with a great story of his own.