_[[Crea]] existed in nothingness. A void without any substance, truly an abyss. The universe had been empty for an unmeasurable amount of time. Then Crea determined that a universe did exist. Suddenly, everything. It wasn't an explosion or a flow of thought, it was everything at once. The stars, the abyss, life, Crea herself, everything else, at once. Crea was unable to see her creation, so she gave herself eyes. Upon seeing it all, she couldn't see straight as her eyes had nothing to hold them in place. She gave herself a body and put her eyes in place. As she was able to look around and take her creation in, she realized it meant nothing to her just as the nothingness of before did. She gave herself a heart to feel and she suddenly felt everything. Crea stood motionless, unable to understand what she was feeling. Crea knew she needed to make another part of herself to be able to process it all. She made herself a mind and was able to understand it all. The universe she saw, the feelings she felt, everything she knew. Crea looked again and saw nothing, but knew everything existed. Then Crea understood the last of everything. Herself. She turned her eyes to look inward at herself and saw that it all only existed in her mind. Crea first closed her eyes, not wanting to see more. She then became heartbroken, now knowing that none of it existed. It hurt Crea and parts of her body began to break away. Crea knew that it was a matter of time before her mind would go to as it knew everything else was breaking. However, Crea knew of a solution that would keep what she saw, felt, knew, alive. Tired from everything, Crea slept and created a dream. While she slept, she took her fingers and reached into her mind. With each of her five fingers on both hands she pulled away a part of her mind. She took both hands to split her mind in half. Then, she scratched away, once with each finger, at the halves of her mind, making sure not to scratch the front or back of her mind. She named every piece. The backs of her mind were Maturl and Beurteilung, on the thumbs were Lux and Nox, on the indexes were Sturm and Airda, on the middles were Deair and Toitsu, on the rings were Aires and Fredte, on the littles were Pulan and Truco, and on the fronts of her mind were Vada and Almes. She gave them eyes, bodies, and hearts to be able to experience everything as she did but this time to let the experience be handled by many as it overwhelmed one, Crea._