Our story begins with a worried mother tends to her four children. A long distance eastward of a fiery mountain resides their home in a clearing. Three strong youth, one weak youngest. Mother makes breakfast for the four and she is on her way for lunch next. The weak one can hardly lift herself to eat and requires assistance from her siblings. Two birds, singing in a nearby oak watch, a polar sight. Black raven, white dove, watching carefully, they're spectral. Below the young girl's window, a dark cat purs, for she is spectral too and knows what she's done. She didn't like it but understands its need to be done. The raven and the dove stare at the dark one, angry she chose a child. Mother opened the window to give her child some air. She leaves the room for but a moment and that's when the animals convene at the window. They go unnoticed as the little girl is currently turned away from the window, trying to rest in her bed. The raven speaks first. "You could've picked the eldest, she's nearly an adult," the raven crowed at the cat. The cat sighed, "I figured it would've done too much harm, besides, it's not my fault the mother made a deal with that witch to get this house."  
"She never specified which child was going to get the curse. You could've chosen the second, he has an aura of evil."  
"He has an aura that's willing to do what it takes for his family, even if that means he needs to kill. Besides I didn't have time to consi-"  
"She's a child Inoon," the dove interrupts, "leave before you cause anymore harm." The cat stares at the dove. "You know I would never cause more harm than I needed to, I couldn't if I wanted to," the cat says keeping her straight posture on the windowsill, looking back at the child. "Whether or not you could or would do more you must go, dove and I have much to discuss," the raven crows once more. The cat hops into the room, sitting on the child's nightstand. She straightens her posture and speaks up. "I must watch after her once your discussion is over. My master wants to observe the effect." The birds look at each other, then back to the cat. The dove chirps, "fine, our masters will alert yours when we're finished." The cat closes her eyes and she vanishes. The raven flies first to the foot of the bed, after landing he says "that was a lie wasn't it?" The dove lands, "mhm, master has had a hard time with her master. This is the most passive way to take out her anger." The raven nods and looks back at the child. He crows once more, "her life, how is it?" The dove responds in song, "not much time left, no time I can provide, a solution we must find, before she begins to see the light."  
"I've heard that song too many times."  
"Unfortunately so, our masters are very unforgiving."  
"Mortals have so much time and opportunity to do the right thing, however it often leads to this. If only the did more good, then perhaps you'd have the energy to give her more life."  
"Her brother's brave actions have given her an additional week actually, but her mother hasn't done right by the witch." "Therefore the disease won't be lifted."  
"It's a curse. A disease would've already brought us back to have four more of these discussions. And no, there's not enough good for me to give her even another minute of life."  
"Then there isn't much to discuss then, other than to decide where her soul goes."   
The raven inspects the child from his perch at the foot of the bed. "She's human. Of course. Her soul could go anywhere," the raven says, shaking his head, "I'm unsure if she prayed to anyone seriously at this age. Aoife, can you search the room with me?" The dove nods, and the two begin to look around the room for any symbol of one of the gods. What feels like two minutes go by and they find nothing. They search the rest of the house, scanning what the siblings are wearing, the decorations on the walls. They both make their way into the kitchen finding the mother frozen cutting up an apple. They fly up to her wrist and notice a small bracelet with cat eyes embedded into a silver disc similar to a coin in size. They look at each other, "Inoon's symbol." They sigh, there's no evidence of this family belief to any god. They fly back to the little girl's room, sitting on her nightstand. "She's gonna be mad in her afterlife," the dove chirps. "Indeed, she'll have to be a will-o-wisp until she can find a new host," the crow says, staring at the little girl. He never liked deaths like these, where the one dying doesn't fully understand death yet and they have no deity to go to. "Leave dove, I will take care of the rest." The dove flaps her wings and flies out beyond the trees.  
The raven waits by her bedside until dove is gone. After he flies to the kitchen sitting on the counter waiting for the child to finally pass. He takes the time to reflect, and it's long considering time is perceived almost indefinitely slower than how mortals perceive it. Once the time comes he flies in standard time at the mother, squawking loudly. He bites the bracelet on her wrist with incredible force for a raven, snapping it and flying with it in his mouth through the child's room. The curse's energy that's bound to the bracelet is enough to catch the attention of the ethereal spirit of the child, effectively causing her to chase after it in rage. The raven lands in the forest, with the spirit fast behind him. He crows three times, finishing the ritual to trap her spirit as a wisp.   
Her final form appears right there in the forest, a dull blue ball of light. She'll be trapped here, bound to the bracelet, never to go too far from it, away from anyone she could possess. Her soul will be released once a cleric, medium, paladin, or whoever is willing enough to speak with her and help her understand what happened to her, why it happened, and calming her angry spirit. The raven wish he could but that was not his duty, he simply decided where souls would go based on the code of his master. The raven flew away, having seen this at least a couple thousand times before, but his feelings have never changed and his next action will never change.  
He's now off to find the dove, for every time he takes, she is allowed to give again, and he certainly needs to rebalance his emotions by seeing life be given, for he is death and can only decide what happens when there is no life.

## History

This prose is about the interaction of life and death between [[Vada]] and [[Almes]]. As well, [[Nox]] comes up in the tale. It also covers the creation of a [[will o' wisp]].