High Concept: [[Slime]] that gained its own consciousness
Trouble: Very low intelligence 
Aspect #1: Elasticity
Aspect #2: Hoarder
Aspect #3: Just wants to help

Age: 8
Type: Chromatic Slime



books in goobus inv. - vitae lullabies, Uniton history

Goobus thinks the witch's poster is neat and wants to meet her
# Original
The slime currently known as goobus snoobus. When goobus was formed goobs was a smaller slime than normal with a strange curiosity to humanoids, it would scout out and watch humans.When goobs would approach the humans they would yell “GO SHOO” throw rocks and other things at goobs. Somethings hurt when they hit goobus but others seemed like gifts to goobs. Goobus would pick up the objects and try to gift others the random stuff goobs collected. No one ever accepted. Goobus practiced on goobs own to give the gifts like the humans did making sounds. “GBus sbus” until goobs finally was happy with what it was saying mimicking the humans to the best of goobs ability, till “goobus snoobus” came out. Goobs was so happy goobs chanted Goobus snoobus displaying goobs speech so all could hear. Goobs kept trying to give gifts to the humans shouting “GOOBUS SNOOBUS” and ejecting objects from its body to the humans. Most would run away or pull a weapon on goobs making goobs run. Til one day Goobus ejected a coin to a young kid who picked it up and ran away. This made Goobus very happy it ran around looking for more coins that waiting for the kid to arrive again near the edge of the city. Days pass and goobs was still hopeful picking up coins and waiting on the outskirts of the city. Goobs saved the coins for the kid while ejecting other items at other humans who would give goobs one of the two reaction running away or fighting. Finally the kid shows up beaten and bruised Goobus lights up energeticly slimes it way to the kid and ejects coins one after another shouting Goobus Snoobus each time. The kid in shock with all the coins being ejected in his direction picks them up and approaches Guoobs very slowly and ask goobs “can I really have all this?” Goobus shakes it’s head vigorously “GOOBUS SNOOBUS”. The kid replies “Is that your name?” Goobus still vigorously shaking goobs head say in a more triumphant manner “Goobus Snoobus”.

The kid would eventually return to town after talking to Goobus for a few hours as Goobus eagerly listened. Goobus did not know what what the kid was saying. Goobus went back to the forest to practice the words goobs was told by the kid. After that day Goobus wanted to see the kid again so every day goobs collected coins waiting for the kid to show back up. A week passes and still no sign of the kid. A month , two three, four it has gotten cold yet Goobus still waits collecting. Six months pass as goobs sees the same kid from before limping to the spot they stayed that night. Goobus full of energy and other things slimes up to the kid “GOOBUS SNOOBUS” goobs shouted as hundreds of coins spewed from goobs. The kid laughed and said “ You waited all this time for me Goobus. I can’t believe how many coins you have.” Goobus interjects “coin coin coin coin coin”. The kid aghast”You can speak!?” Goobus replies “speak” nodding goobs head.

Luckily after a few days pass the kid came back with a few new bruises. Goobus greets him in the usual fashion giving the collected coins to him. The kid did not light up as normal the kid began to cry. Goobus concerned mimicked the behavior thinking it maybe to be a new greeting. “Well done boy I guess you have not been lying.” a mysterious deep voice rang from behind Goobus. “Let’s take it back” when Goobus tired to see who was talking goobs was scooped up in a leather bag with no escape. “Well that was easy it didn’t even put up a fight” another voice claimed “ It’s just stupid weak slime” the deep voice called “That’s probably the smallest slime Ive ever seen” said another unknown voice. The three men kept talking about how weak and stupid both Goobus and the kid were both runts. Saying the only thing they’ll ever be good for is being pickpockets. The bag Goobus was in was flung against the wall goobs landed with a loud thud. Goobs tried to get out of the bag trying to squirm out. The bag was well made with no holes and was tied tight with a hole no bigger than what a pencil could fit trough. Goobus noticed parts of goobs could leak through that little hole. So goobs tried to escape becoming goop almost completely liquid it took al night but by the time the sun came up Goobus was completely out of the bag. Goobus woke up to see a dimly lit room with broken wooden floors and walls. There was a bed of you would call it that it was a bunch of hay with broken bottles and a few dirty rags. Laying on this mess was the kid from before. Goobus slimed up to the kid and questioned “Goobus snoobus” ask goobs tried to produce a coin goobs realized all the coins and other trinkets were left in the bag Goobus escaped from. The kid woke up realizing that Goobus was out of the bag. Freaking out the kid picked Goobus up saying “ You can’t be out here we’ll get in trouble” the kid then put Goobus back in the bag.

because I don't think i can write out the whole story. the kid's name is David his dad is the guy with a deep voice his name is goliath. goliath force his son and Goobus to pickpocket/steal. Goliath ends up killing his son beating him to death in turn Goobus in a furious range ends up suffocating goliath in their sleep and now wanders helping people but falls on to their bad habits.

# Notes

Hometown: Silvayan Forest